Add first level header exist validation (#2879)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

> * Added `RN116` validation to **validate** command to check if a first level header exist in a RN.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added a new **validate** check, making sure a first level header exist in release notes (RN116)
```
